I, Archall Grymm, born year 0, on the day Light was discovered. I was once part of a peasant family on the shores of Eretelle. We lived meagerly with no intentions of rising higher in society. I was not satisfied. I felt vibrations of the world, and I plead my family and others to chase them. They denied my wish by not allowing him to leave the house. They made a mockery of me, and accused me of insanity. They crushed my dreams by publicly lashing me and breaking my bones. My mother slashed my face, blinding my left eye. I wish I could say my recovery was quick, but it was not. My bones did not mend together as they once did, for I knew not the gift of Light. Once recovered, I left my house, gate ajar, yet my gait was never the same. I walked north towards the vibrations, they grew louder during my recovery. Days, nights, many months of walking had led me to travel through a forest of willow trees. They were 'normal' by the Dark Ages standards, yet the more I walked the stranger it got. I would see lights fly past me and the trees colors changed. I knew I was right, yet I couldn't find the source. A few years went by, the voices of the village haunted me, but I knew I was right. I stood at a cave entrance and attempted to enter, but I could not. Every attempt drained my strength but each attempt I got further. On my final attempt, the one before I was to give up, I was blown back by a force. Once I awoke, I realized that I had landed in a clearing that was surrounded by purple willow trees. I looked down at myself and saw runes inscribed all over my skin. They had multiple layers of projected forms, each stacked upon each other. They all pulsed with pain and it felt as if my entire soul was trying to fight it. I was trying to fight it. My flesh cracked and produced beams of light. As it travelled further up my arms the pain increased. I began levitating and a sigil was carved in the dirt under me. Now, beams of light shone through, like the sun behind the clouds. The pain made it feel as if hours, days had gone by, so I let go. The runes stopped pulsing; their projected forms shrank back down into my skin leaving marks, inscribed, not carved. I fell down to the ground. The sigil on the dirt left an imprint, still smoking. I was able to see the world with both eyes; I could see it more clearly. I could see the Light.

*A small sigil is on the last page. Hover your fingers over it and it glows.*
	*Touching it plays a voice message of Archall*
	If you have read this far in my book, I commend you. Not only for finding it, but reading it too. I foresee that this book will have been lost to time, probably by my own family because they couldn't open it. I also believe that many lies will be spread about them and they will be venerated for birthing me. I know not how long I will live, but when I die, I hope their reign will end.